Add high density table (#71)
grackle-project/grackle: doc/source/Parameters.rst

Valid range:

>  - number density: -10 < log\ :sub:`10` (n\ :sub:`H` / cm\ :sup:`3`) < 4

Reviewer: The "-" sign should be kept there since n is units of cm^-3, similar to how temperature is expressed as log (T / K).

   redshift is 15.13.  Above that, collisional ionization equilibrium is
   assumed.

The file **CloudyData_UVB=HM2012_high_density.h5** is the same than

> **CloudyData_UVB=HM2012.h5** but goes to higher density (:math:`10^{10}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CloudyData_UVB=HM2012.h5** but goes to higher density (10:sup:`10`
```

> atom / cm3) and was computed with a more recent version of Cloudy (17.06).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
atom / cm:sup:`3`) and was computed with a more recent version of Cloudy (17.06).
```
